The initialisation process of Arctic Fox Engine goes like this

Start by invoking Engine.Run
This will do everything in Arctic Fox Engine. This has 3 stages to it: creating the window, setting up rendering, and the main game loop

	Rendering setup - Graphics.cs
	All of the rendering code, including setting up starts in Graphics.cs with Graphics.SetupRenderer
		
		Attach the graphics device

		Setup the render command queue - GPU_Render.cs
		The render command queue is a queue of command lists
		Each frame the command list is populated with instructions for how to render
		These instructions are things like binding resources, setting views, ect

		Setup the swap chain
		The swap chain controls what gets finally rendered to the screen.
		You pass in a width, height, refresh rate and the render command queue
		The swap chain also creates 2 render target textures. One for each buffer (double buffered)

		Loading graphics resources - GraphicsResources.cs
		This is where all of the permanent gpu resources are created
		This stage creates the following:

			Render Target Descriptor Heap
			The render target view is a refrence to the actual render target textures created by the swap chain
			These render target views are put into the render target view descriptor heap
			The render target view descriptor heap will eventuall be bound in the rendering command list

			Depth / Stencil Descriptor Heap
			The depth texture is a texture that holds the depth information for the current render
			It is used so that objects that are obscured are not drawn on top
			In the setup, a descriptor heap is created, along with the actual texture resource and the view for it.
			The descriptor heap is then populated with the view of the depth texture

			Main Combined Descriptor Heap
			The main combined descriptor heap is a descriptor heap that hold refrences to everything the shader needs to render an object
			It contains the camera info, as well as the object info. However, it does not contain the mesh data
			The 1st descriptor in this descriptor heap is the RenderInfo, this contains the camera's projection matrix, as well as screen resolution
			All following descriptors are for ObjectInfo, this contains the object's transformation matrix as well as any other data related to object rendering
			The RenderInfo descriptor is added by GraphicsResources
			The ObjectInfo descriptors are added by GeometryResources. Might change this

			Root Signature
			The root signature tells the shaders how to interpret the main combined descriptor heap
			Each root parameter within the root signature corresponds to a constant buffer within the shader
			Its given only 2 root parameters, 1 for the RenderInfo, and the other for the ObjectInfo. This is because the descriptor is offset for each object to be rendered

		Compiling Shaders
		The shaders are the programs on the GPU
		The vertex shader is run for every vertex, and is where the perspective projection takes place
		The pixel shader is run for every pixel on the screen and is where the objects get their colour from

		Creating the pipeline state object
		The pipeline state object combines everything we have so far.
		The input elemts are also defined here. The input elements are the interpreted data from the vertex buffer. Contains only "POSITION" and "COLOR" at the moment

	By this point the renderer is setup, however we still don't have any mesh data
	This is setup after we create a scene.
	When a scene is created it also creates the GeometryResources
	When GeometryResources is created, it also creates a buffer for the vertex info, a buffer for the index info, and a buffer for the object info
	The vertex buffer and index buffer are stored within a default heap
	The object info is stored in an upload heap

	Whenever a mesh is to be added, GeometryResources will find a spot for the mesh to go, and tell the mesh exactly where to go.
	The mesh's vertex, index and object data may be at very different indices. This is fine.